= custom_rspec_matchers

This project contains a few custom rspec matchers that we have built to help us with our project.

== Active Model Callback Examples

  describe Duck do
	
    it { should have_after_create_callback(:after_create_callback) }
	it { should have_around_create_callback(:around_create_callback) }
	it { should have_before_create_callback(:before_create_callback) }
	  
	it { should have_after_save_callback(:after_save_callback) }
	it { should have_around_save_callback(:around_save_callback) }
	it { should have_before_save_callback(:before_save_callback) }
	  
	it { should have_after_update_callback(:after_update_callback) }
	it { should have_around_update_callback(:around_update_callback) }
	it { should have_before_update_callback(:before_update_callback) }
	
  end


== Action Controller Filter Examples
  
  # checks for an after filter that does not specify the only or except option
  it { should include_after_filter(:for_all_methods) }
  
  # checks for an after filter that specifies the only option
  it { should include_after_filter(:after_filter_only_create).only_on(:create) }
  
  # checks for an after filter that specifies the only option with more than one methods
  it { should include_after_filter(:after_filter_only_show_and_create).only_on([:show, :create]) }

  # checks for an after filter with except specified for one method
  it { should include_after_filter(:after_filter_except_create).except_on(:create) }
  
  # checks for an after filter with except specified for more than one method 
  it { should include_after_filter(:after_filter_except_show_and_create).except_on([:show, :create]) }
  
  # also works for before filter
  it { should include_before_filter(:before_filter_only_show_and_create).only_on([:show, :create]) }
  it { should include_before_filter(:before_filter_except_show_and_create).except_on([:show, :create]) }

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Kenny Ortmann. See LICENSE for details.
